In the resources.zip file there are the following items.

In the data folder:
train,val and test.csv: these are the dataset used to train classifier
train val and test.txt: their labels
dialogue.txt : The dataset contains all dialogues
mnb_uni_bi.pkl, mnb_uni_bi_vec.pkl: classifier and its vectorizer
harry_train,harry_val and four other csv file names like this: They are the dataset used to fine tune gpt model

For all script:
main.py: This script do the whole train progress of fine tune gpt2 model, all four models was using the same script.
clf.py: This script train the classifier of each characters.
clf_test.py: This script uses the classfier to test the perfornmance of each model
data_expand.py: This script apply the Data augmentation method to some data
data_process.py: This script created dataset and labels with the given data
split.py: This script split the data in a txt file into sentences
prefix.py: This script add a word in front of each data sentences
read_dia.py: This script read dialogue.txt and split dialogues by different characters
read_js.py: This script read the json file data.
remove_heading.py: This script remove the heading of each sentences
try.py: This script try if the gpu is work on the current enviroment
inference.py: script used to test the final model
method.py: script all classfier related script needs.

For all model: Please notice all the model was saved as a dictionary/folder format
ron: individual character model for ron
harry: individual character model for harry
hermione: individual character model for hermione
three: the compostie model trained with three characters style


Also, a clear version of diagram used in my final report was included in the submission. Please check it if need.

The readme file was also added in the submission.

Then, I also uploaded all of the source code and files into ov4. I created a folder under assignment call "final" 
Everything was included in the folder as well as the Readme file for the inference.py. Please check on the servor for more detials. 